hello everyone welcome today I'm going
to show you how to make korean BBQ or
what's called Colby and what we're going
to start off with is the marinade that's
where all the flavor is going to come
from and that's what's going to
tenderize our meat so what we're going
to need for the marinade is pineapple
and I've got some pineapple chunks here
in syrup this is about half a cup I've
got about a quarter cup of soy sauce
about a quarter cup of sugar I've got to
tape teaspoons of fresh ground pepper
I've got some sesame oil about two
tablespoons and I've got about two
tablespoons of rice wine vinegar I've
got some fresh garlic that we're going
to crush into the marinade and I've got
some onion what we actually need to do
with the onion is we're actually going
to grade it just like if we were grating
cheese and that helps infuse the flavor
into the marinade and into the meat so
that should be enough onion for us so
what we're going to start with the
pineapple we're going to put the soy
sauce in there going to put our sugar
give it that nice sweet flavor that
korean BBQ has nice pepper sesame oil
and rice wine vinegar give it a nice
little punch we're going to crush some
garlic in there we don't want chunks of
garlic just like the onion we want it
fine so that we can just infuse it we're
going to put about three or four cloves
of garlic in here
well that's a nice target god it smells
good and we don't want to forget our
onion get some the onion juice nice
grated onion that already smells good ok
we're going to blend all this together
just real quick really we're just mixing
it and kind of crushing them all right
that's good we're going to let our
marinade sit for a minute we're going to
try to tenderize this beef a little bit
now the beef that we use is the short
rib and it's cut against the bone so
short ribs a little bit tough and that's
why we're going to tenderize it we're
going to marinate it overnight spoke it
a little bit just so that marinade can
seep in to the meat easier
that marinades going to be enough for
between one to two pounds so if you're
making more you need to double or
increase the marinade accordingly we've
got about a pound right there may be a
pound and a half and we'll do one more
nice we're going to take a gallon
plastic bag and go ahead and put our
move in there and we're going to get our
marinade very nice perfect we're going
to pour our marinade over our meat we're
going to get all the air out
I will put that in the refrigerator let
it sit overnight every once in a while
we'll flip it around to make sure all
the new kits evenly marinated and then
we'll be ready for the grill and we'll
grill it okay soon as the meats ready
i'll show you how to grill it okay so
yesterday we prepare the marinade for
our korean beef BBQ ribs or called
colony also and today they're ready to
hit the grill so we're going to take
them out getting ready for the grill mmm
they smell great and we haven't even
cooked on yet
okay so we're going to take these out
we're going to put them on the grill and
give them a little taste and see how
they came out okay so
we've got our fire on medium we're going
to put our
roots out on the car
oh good
and we're going to close that
char for a little bit come back and
check on them in about five minutes okay
we're going to take a look at how our
ribs are coming out there definitely
cooking in the term got some nice
and going to move them over to swap it
for quite a time
another two or three minutes and I'll be
ready okay we're going to check our ribs
nality should be ready and I use
different tongues to take a nap than
what I did tossing and turning them for
the beginning
I want to overcook them are under
couldn't i think i'll get probably ready
bullets
let's take them inside for a taste okay
now we've got our ribs inside we let
them rest for about five to ten minutes
so that all the juice doesn't just pour
out when we cut it the meat reabsorbs
the juice smells so good you can smell
the soy sauce the pineapple the garlic
everything that we put in there let's
give it a real test give it a little
taste oh it's so tender Oh perfect
I hope you try this recipe you'll enjoy
it and thanks for watching and we'll see
you next time